1. Pre-agenda stuff
    1. Amie says hello
    1. First exec meeting of the year
    1. Apologies from James
        1. Nothing treasurer-y anyway
 
1. Trevs Fresher's Fair
    1. Time: Tuesday 2nd Oct 2:30 - 5pm
    1. Normally Amie + someone else does the whole thing
        1. Can we get someone else do it?
        1. Will organise outside of the meeting
    1. Does anyone want to make new flyers
        1. Steven will make flashy new flyers for fresher's fair
    1. First shift will put games on the table
    1. Steven will sort GDPR in the background and it will look like nothing has changed ;)
    1. Steven will make a survey monkey link
    1. Need a laptop to sort emails.
 
1. Events
    1. Oliver was thinking about bar crawls
        1. He wants to figure it out based on what the people we get want.
    1. Freshers-only taster session in week 1. Pencilled in Thu 11th 7:30pm. *TODO follow up with Amie*
        1. Oliver will create a faebook event
        1. After fresher's fair steven can send an email about this
    1. First saturday on 13th Oct 7:30pm.
    1. We can take people to cons
        1. MeepleCon is in Durham in Octoboer
        1. There's also one in newcastle, we could bring some old members to that.
        1. Upcoming Local Events* email
 
3. Attracting new members
    1. We should be friendly.
    1. Freshers should bring friends
    1. Collab with uni games soc
 
4. AOB
    1. Dom may be stepping down.
        1. Dom is stepping down.
        1. We're going to have an EGM.
		    1. Steven will bring constitutional review stuff to EGM, to make constitutional review less painful