# Exec Meeting 2018-11-24

The agenda looks long and hard but it's not

## Socials
### Shellshock Social
Tonight. 9 - 12 people expected coming to Games Soc. Play open games tonight. Also unplugged tonight. We might be a bit more quiet than usual.

### Tournament
We need a champion. Last tournament was last term with smash. Countdown also happened last year. We could do new mario kart with updated graphics. People will be bad which is fun. Mario party. I want an actual poker tournament. We will check with the chair. Mario kart will happen this term. What night? We have 3 weeks left. It will maybe happen during the day on a Saturday. People have deadlines. Last day of term? (Friday). 6pm on last day of term.

### Events next term
We will look into poker. Human-sized games. Countdown. Fight club.

## Collaboration

### Uni Games Soc
Uni games soc exists and is doing well. Roughly the same size as us. We can borrow out their games. Someone will need to be a paid member of their society. Amie will do that. How long can we borrow out games for? Will be handled case-by-case. They have a list of games on their facebook group. We can advertise that to our members. We will put a post on the group and if we want a game from them all the time we can look into buying it. Uni games soc have been invited to the national uni gaming championship in glasgow in april. It's a 2-day event. They have invited us. It's like a con. Do we want to go? It's a high cost to register but Amie will look into that. Uni games soc is keen for us to go with them as a join Uni/Trevs games society. Each uni can only go once because it's a tournament. Amie will ask more about that. It's in april which is the easter holiday. We are cautiously interested in going.

### Other college Games Socs
Grey, Collingwood, Buttler, Mildert, Ustinov all have college societies. We should try and organise a big thing and get them involved. We could run it in the JKH and have a con. If we are interested then we can do stuff with them.

### Other Societies
Improv is a thing. Tonight. Other societies? Do we want to put effort into finding it.

## Library
### Exec List
On the dropbox there is a list of exec and honourary exec. Henry will do that at some point.

### Paper Library
We have a paper library. Is there a better way to do it? There is a pinned copy on the facebook page. Steven has thought of a great way to organise it and will explain later. We like the paper library but think it should be filter-able and sort-able.

### Missing pieces
Pieces of games are going missing. Even things that aren't Games Soc's, and are member games. Can we budget for reimbursing members. We need to do an inventory to find out and we don't know how much money we have. We can probably puchase missing pieces on ebay. 

### Borrowing Games
Gut feeling is don't let anyone borrow games. We could get JCR backing to enforce punishment on people who steal or lose pieces of games. We like people playing games but it creates issues of losing other people's games. We need to mark games that are Games Soc's. We will consider a deposit. Talk to JCR to get JCR backing.

## Secretary-Related things

### Dropbox
Is dropbox useful. Should we use it? Maybe. Move all files from dropbox to google drive. Much easier to edit and access the files. Also put our logo in the dropbox.

### Emails
Emails have happened twice. They should happen more. Do an email advertising facebook group and tournament and subs

## Treasurer
### Subs
Around £70 of subs. Quite a few regulars who haven't paid, but let them know. Are we going to set an internal deadline? The external deadline is around the end of November. It can basically be whenever though. Last day of subs will be end of term (tournament). Let people pay £5 for membership or £1/2 for tournament entry only. Roughly 1 tournament a term (+ T&D) so good value!

### Lost money
The JCR may owe Amie £200

## Mage things
### Poster Reveal
The skill and tools used were limited. It's made in powerpoint. The underwhlem is tangible. We like it. Arved will print it. Poster will go up everywhere.

## Games Soc Identity!
### Stash
We got stash in Amie's 1st year. Most of us don't have stash. We want stash. Lizard will do stash.

### Stepping up our game
Give the exec group a better picture. Make a group chat. Improve communication. Update games soc group photo. Create a TCGS brand/group feel.

## Ex-Parrot
Did we work out who the ex-parrot is? It's basically just like a "we like this person who left". Lizzie is our new ex-parrot.

## AOB
### Cupboard Space
Is there anything we can do about getting more cupboard space? Amie will be emailing them so the exec list is updated r.e. Arved. She will ask about the cupboard space and see if we can use the whole cupboard.
